# Issue Identification and Analysis

### Identifying Excessive Cognitive Load

###### When users are navigating through the diverse content selection homepage, there are a few issues worth noting. Firstly, as the focus of the cursor rests on each content card, promotional content for the content begins playing within a second of the user placing their focus on the card. This creates a cycle where users go to read more about the content they have their cursor's focus on, only to be met with unwanted promotional content nearly instanteously. Pair this with users navigating through several tens of options and users are distracted and overstimulated from promotional content playing for nearly every show they click past. For users who may be sensitive to audio or visual stimulation, this can be reason enough to shut the app entirely. Users cannot focus on viewing the content cards or reading descriptions because the background is nearly instaneously consumed by promotional videos playing with their audio stealing your attention away from the content description. 

###### Aside from the issue of excessive cognitive load for users cycling through content options, the layout of the content itself is not intuitive from an end user's perspective. Content categories, as discussed in the Cognitive Walkthrough Execution, are not static and change on a whim. New and exisiting users alike will not be able to find their shows easily or explore content easily because it is all organized into different categories that move, disappear, change, and are generally not reliable for quickly facilitating efficient identification of content through categories. For example, 'Continue watching' seems to be the easiest way for users to see previously viewed content in one location, although this category itself is not reliably in a consistent location across logins. Another area where the user experience could be improved is the search feature. With many people using smart TV remotes to access Netflix, the interface would benefit from using a keyboard that provides auto-completion for commonly searched strings, as opposed to the user having to manually input the entire search string. In addition, many smart TV remotes have microphones, so Netflix could add a feature for the user to say what they are looking for to further reduce complexity. 

### Comprehensive Evaluation

###### The main user interface for the task of selecting content does not currently support user's decision-making an in optimized, efficient manner. By better categorizing shows into layered menus, such as Continue Watching > content cards here, Movies > Action & Adventure, Drama, Comedy, Trending > movies here under each category and TV > Action & Adventure, Drama, Comedy, Trending > shows here under each category, etc., users would have an easier time finding the content they are looking for because there is more layered organization of each category, as opposed to the lack of organization and general fluidness of each category not being placed in consistent locations, these changes would improve the user experience. During the on-boarding process, personalization should be configured as an option, so users can set creating additional viewing profiles, configuring recommendation features, setting parental controls, etc.,  could be stored under the base user's profile settings for easy access when they want to spend the time doing so. Making these steps required as part of the required on-boarding process adds to unnecessary cognitive load on the end user. 